README.md, before:

# Calculator QA Testing Project

A demonstration project for QA automation testing capabilities, featuring a calculator web application with intentionally introduced test failures to showcase testing system functionality. Includes a live test report viewer and Railway deployment.

## 🚀 Quick Start

1. Install dependencies:
```bash
npm install
```

2. Install Playwright browsers:
```bash
npx playwright install
```

3. Run the development server:
```bash
npm run dev
```

4. Run tests:
```bash
npm test           # Run all tests
npm run test:ui    # Run tests with UI mode
npm run test:report # View test report
```

## 🧪 Testing Features

- Live test report viewer (click the 🧪 button)
- Intentional test failures for demonstration
- Comprehensive test coverage
- Visual regression testing

## 🌐 Deployment

### Railway Deployment
[![Deploy on Railway](https://railway.app/button.svg)](https://railway.app/new/template/calculator-qa-project)

1. Click the Deploy on Railway button or:
```bash
# Install Railway CLI
npm i -g @railway/cli

# Login and deploy
railway login
railway init
railway up
```

2. Environment setup is automatic

3. Your app will be live at: `https://your-app-name.railway.app`

## 📁 Project Structure

```
├── src/              # Source code
│   ├── components/   # React components
│   └── tests/        # Test files
├── playwright/       # Playwright configuration
├── DOCUMENTATION.md  # Detailed documentation
└── README.md         # This file
```

## ✨ Features

- Basic arithmetic operations
- Decimal number support
- Error handling
- Comprehensive test suite with intentional failures
- CI/CD integration
- Live test report access

## 📚 Documentation

For detailed information about the project, testing strategy, and intentional test failures, please see [DOCUMENTATION.md](./DOCUMENTATION.md).

## 🛠️ Tech Stack

- React + TypeScript
- Playwright for testing
- Vite for building
- GitHub Actions for CI/CD
- Railway for deployment

## 📝 Note on Test Failures

This project intentionally includes test failures to demonstrate:
- Test system reliability
- Edge case detection
- Feature coverage tracking
- Regression testing capabilities

For details about specific test failures and their purposes, refer to the documentation.

## 📊 Test Report Access

1. Local Development:
   - Click the 🧪 button in the app
   - Or run `npm run test:report`

2. Production:
   - Access via the 🧪 button on the deployed site
   - Reports are generated during deployment

Commit message:

Refactor documentation and project setup: Updated PROJECT OVERVIEW in DOCUMENTATION.md to emphasize QA testing practices, removed Railway deployment instructions, and streamlined setup steps. Revised README.md for clarity on project features and test report access. Removed railway.json configuration file and cleaned up package.json by deleting the 'start' script.

README.md, after:

# Calculator QA Testing Project

A demonstration project for QA automation testing capabilities, featuring a calculator web application with intentionally introduced test failures to showcase testing system functionality. This project focuses on demonstrating QA testing practices and methodologies.

## 🚀 Quick Start

1. Install dependencies:
```bash
npm install
```

2. Install Playwright browsers:
```bash
npx playwright install
```

3. Run the development server:
```bash
npm run dev
```

4. Run tests:
```bash
npm test           # Run all tests
npm run test:ui    # Run tests with UI mode
npm run test:report # View test report
```

## 🧪 Testing Features

- Live test report viewer (click the 🧪 button)
- Intentional test failures for demonstration
- Comprehensive test coverage
- Visual regression testing

## 📁 Project Structure

```
├── src/              # Source code
│   ├── components/   # React components
│   └── tests/        # Test files
├── playwright/       # Playwright configuration
├── DOCUMENTATION.md  # Detailed documentation
└── README.md         # This file
```

## ✨ Features

- Basic arithmetic operations
- Decimal number support
- Error handling
- Comprehensive test suite with intentional failures
- Live test report access

## 📚 Documentation

For detailed information about the project, testing strategy, and intentional test failures, please see [DOCUMENTATION.md](./DOCUMENTATION.md).

## 🛠️ Tech Stack

- React + TypeScript
- Playwright for testing
- Vite for building

## 📝 Note on Test Failures

This project intentionally includes test failures to demonstrate:
- Test system reliability
- Edge case detection
- Feature coverage tracking
- Regression testing capabilities

For details about specific test failures and their purposes, refer to the documentation.

## 📊 Test Report Access

1. Development Environment:
   - Click the 🧪 button in the app
   - Or run `npm run test:report`
   - Reports available at `/playwright-report/index.html`

2. Test Report Features:
   - Detailed test execution logs
   - Screenshots of failures
   - Test duration and performance metrics
   - Failure analysis and debugging information
